NAME
hless

SYNOPSIS
hless infile

OPTIONS
h - Shows hless manual page.

COMMANDS
There is a number of commands that can be executed while in hless. Each command has a key binding  
used to invoke the command. Below is a list of commands with description of what each one of them 
does.

 SEARCHING
hless allows you to specify up to four different search patterns. There's a main search pattern 
slot. Matches of main pattern marked with black on white color. In addition, there are three more 
search patterns slots: red, green and blue search patterns. Matches of each of these patterns marked 
with red, green or blue colors respectively.

Each search pattern can be searched both upward and downward. Each pattern has a default search 
direction. Once search direction is set, hless will continue searching in this direction. Search 
direction can be flipped for main search pattern.

/ - Search forward (pops edit box). Search direction set to downwards.
.br
? - Search backwards (pops edit box). Search direction set to upwards.
.br
n - Find next match of main pattern. Search direction is the same as original search.
.br
N - Find previous match of the main search pattern. Seach direction is opposite to original search.
.br 
F - Flip search direction of the main search pattern.
.br
~ - Reset main search pattern. This actively cancels the main search, hiding all matches from 
both the screen and the memory.
.br
\\ - Opens Search Patterns Menu

.B ADDITIONAL SEARCH PATTERNS
.br
Additional three search patterns are available from Search Patterns Menu. Below is a list of options 
available in the menu with their respective meaning.

- Push current search - Pushes main search pattern into next available search pattern slot (red, 
green or blue).
- Force push current search - Pushes main search pattern into selected search pattern slot. This 
option presents a menu that allows you to choose what slot to use. Search pattern in the target slot 
will be reset
- Pop selected search - Moves selected search pattern to main search slot. If main search pattern 
slow is occupied, this will overwrite the main search pattern.
- Exchange current and selected search - Exchanges between one of the red, green or blue search 
patterns with main search pattern.
- Delete selected search - Resets selected slot, deleting its search pattern and matches.
- Delete all searches - Deletes all search patterns. Will not touch main search pattern.

 MATCH PATTERNS
hless allows you to specify what lines of text to leave visible on screen. This is done using so 
called match patterns.

Once you configure a match pattern, hless will show only lines that match the pattern. In case there 
are several match patterns, hless will show lines that match all configured match patterns.

Following keyboard commands manipulate match patterns.

s - Add new match pattern.
.br
S - Open Match pattern operations menu

.B MATCH PATTERN OPERATIONS
.br
This menu allows you to manipulate match patterns. It includes following options:

- Edit Selected Match Pattern - Allows to change one of the match patterns.
- Delete Selected Match Pattern - Allows to delete one of the match patterns.
- Delete All Match Pattern - Deletes all match patterns.

AUTHOR
Alexander Sandler <alex@alexonlinux.com>
.br
Submit bugs reports at http://git.alexonlinux.com/projects/hless
.br
For more information, see hless home page at 
.br
http://www.alexonlinux.com/hless

